hi welcome to the Atkins diet product
reviews my name is course Kent altima
and my friends on Facebook who are
probably already aware of this and if
you aren't one of my friends on Facebook
make sure you become a fan of the Atkins
diet videos page below the link will be
below in the video description but those
guys that are Facebook friends of mine
already know where I was this past
weekend I was a medic at a Muay Thai
tournament which is a mixed martial arts
so as I was there they had a number of
vendors outside that we're catering to
the myths martial artists the fighters
that are there and their family well I
put my name into a drawing in I action
one eye and the drawing was for energy
drinks and one might not be in the
market demographics and I can't remember
the last time I had actually purchased
in an energy drink before this I'm once
its servings of excess energy drinks
which is being marketed from my and I
had never tried the brand before I was
curious to see it was zero carbs and
zero sugars but not 0 cal it had ten ten
calories coming from the 1.5 grams of
protein which is mainly coming from the
free amino acid from the terrine so i
won't there had a bunch of different
flavors they had a root beer flavor and
a wild berry flavor and the root beer
flavor basically just tastes like
regular diet root beer really good it's
sweetened by sucralose and aspartame k
and has a hundred percent of all the B
vitamins and actually three hundred
percent of B sets and forty nine hundred
or four thousand nine hundred percent of
b12 so it's loaded with B vitamins and
in terms of caffeine it basically has
eighty four milligrams of caffeine per
eight ounce drink which is roughly about
two and a half times what a diet coke is
the other flavor that they have is a
wild berry flavor and that is happens to
be my favorite of the two root beers
good but you know while Barry just
happens
a little bit better I would rank it up
at least a three out of five the cost
per can if you were to buy it is about
two dollars a can which is about
equivalent to what a monster or rockstar
energy drink would beat it's a little
expensive for my taste so after I have
the the sets free run after the six free
cans run out for me I probably won't be
buying it again but if you're an energy
drink fan and looking for a little car
of alternative and sugar free rock stars
not around you can certainly look for
excess energy drink it certainly tastes
good and doesn't have a nasty caffeine
side effect so I'll talk to you guys
later see ya